# VTU Portal Creator
VTU Creator is an open source project founded by Lajela Technologies, a multi-language, easy-to-use PHP built VTU Content Management System (VTU-CMS) that enables you to create a full functional and automated and instant digital delivery online recharge portal without basic knowledge of programming Languages. Create Airtime Top-Up, Data Subscription, Electricity/Water/Gas Bill, Bulk SMS, Money transfer and Voucher/Recharge Card Printing portal and be connected to any service provider, API and hosted SIM Card.

## VTU CREATOR FEATURES

### CUSTOMER UNIQUE RESERVED ACCOUNT FOR EASY WALLET FUNDING
On VTU Creator Your customer can top up their wallet instantly by simply doing a bank transfer to their unique reserved account generated by the software. Your customer can use bank’s USSD and banking apps to make transferring even easier.
This is instant and immediately your customers do the transfer, their wallet balance will be updated immediately. They can transfer at any time without even coming to your application and their balance will be topped up immediately.

### CUSTOM SERVICE PROVIDER OR API
You can use custom APIs, supports both GET and POST methods, Custom headers and server side parameters can also be used on API tool.

### AUTOMATED AND INSTANT DELIVERING
A fantastic automated and instant digital delivery system that can process transactions and deliver service without your input.

### FANTASTIC USER INTERFACE (UI)
The script has a fantastic and modern UI, built in animations, loaders and smooth-sweet alert and notifications.

### CUSTOM THEME AND COLOR
You can build and install your own custom theme and design, it allows changing of colours with easy colour picker tool.

### MULTI LANGUAGES
Multiples languages can be used, User/Admin can switch between languages with just a click, stores the selected language on user’s browser and load language from the browser any time the user returns to your website for better user’s experiences.

### UNLIMITED PAYMENT METHODS AND GATEWAYS
The script support different payment methods and different payment gateways, currency can be set for those methods which will be converted to the currency set on the system as default when making transactions.

### API SERVICES AND AUTOMATED API GENERATOR
The script has API service available for your users which will be automatically generated based on services available on the system and it has well explained API documentations for your users and resellers.

### AFFILIATE/REFERRAL PROGRAM
Each user has unique referrer code and widget, JavaScript and HTML codes are available on your installed portal to display banners that will be uploaded by you for your users to share and paste on their websites or blogs.

### ADMIN PANEL
A secured back office to manage your website and support unlimited admins' well defined permissions or access for each admin.

### PRICE CONTROL
You are at liberty to set your own price discount and commission rates for multi-level users.

### RESPONSIVENESS
The script is responsive to any screen sizes such as mobile, tablet and desktop screens, it can be converted to mobile app.

### How To Install VTU Creator

Create Database 
Create Database User CREATE,
DELETE, SELECT, DROP, INSERT etc

Go to yourdomain.com/installation
Follow the instruction to install on your Server

### [LICENSE AGREEMENT](https://provtu.lajala.com/terms.php)

## [Sponsor this Project](https://paystack.com/pay/vtucreator)
